You'll start your work today!
Yep!
What's your name?
Yes... Yep...
I'm asking what your name is.
My name is...
I haven't read your CV yet.
I just know that you're the one introduced by my sister.
Uh? How can you know I'm that person and take me home?
Exactly 8:00 A.M this morning!
So that's it!
My name is...
Phong!
What brand of perfume are you wearing?
What do you mean?
I'm asking what your perfume is.
I don't wear any perfume.
How about your washing powder?
The washing powder I'm using is OMO.
Ah! I have to come inside! If you need anything, call me!
Do you use any herbs?
Yes, I'm using Alfalfa.
How do you use it?
I chew and soak it in water.
I use the rest to diffuse essential oil.
It's good for both our health and our body's smell.
Not everyone uses this way to create the scent, right?
Yep!
Do you know anyone who uses this scent?
Huh?
Is it difficult for you to answer?
Skip it!
Just continue your work!
Yep!
Phong!
Yes!
Yep, you called my name?
Enter my room to clean it up!
Yes!
Oh My God
You've never seen a naked man?
Not yet.
I'm wearing pants.
Do you like to read?
No, I don't like
Well, since I was blind
I don't read anymore.
He went to clean up.
Yep!
I've got some rice.
How much MSG do you put in vegetables?
Half a jar of salt?
Yep?
Can you stop yep?
Yea!
Next time he put some salt, MSG too.
What's that?
Stir-fried beef.
The beef is still alive.
Give me sack of beef.
Yep!
The largest bag in the left corner.
Defrost.
Yea!
Plate.
Calves go away.
Why stand still?
Get your chair back.
No, you eat it, I've already eaten.
Get the chair back here!
Hurry up!
Did you go to work at Duy's place today?
Yep!
Have you and I ever met?
Not yet!
You studied journalism and communication, didn't you?
Yep!
You interviewed me at Coffee Rio?
Don't faint next time.
What are you laughing at?
I'm sorry, I missed the point.
His voice was very similar.
Scent too
You?
Yep!
We are...
Here's your drinks.
- Thank you.
- Yes
Hey.
Hold on.
Yes?
This voice...
How can I forget it?
Never forget it!
Phuc
Yes
Take this and eat it
Thank you
It turns out that you look like this!
Do you know how long I've been waiting for you?
If I knew it was the easiest way to find you,
I wouldn't have lost you for 6 years.
Ah! I'm sorry! I overslept.
If you keep doing that next time, you'll be fined!
Huh?
Or you want to be punished right now?
You just made the rules,
so ignore them and enforce them next time.
I don't know! I'll punish you!
Why did you punch me?
Because you dare to tease me!
Do I look like I'm teasing you?
You think your act is not joking with me?
Hey! I even haven't fired you yet!
Hey!
Why do you keep wanting to fire me?
I only said it once!
I'm leaving to do my work!
Just say it clearly!
Is it true that we have never met?
Uhm... I was interviewed by you!
That's not what I meant!
What do you mean?
It's the kind of holding hands,
hugging,
and kissing!
This boy!
Stop your habit of teasing me!
Why hasn't he come yet?
Why are you staring at me?
Clean my shoes for me!
It's too much!
So be it!
Remember wipe them clean!
You really look like Cinderella!
You're not a prince, though!
I just went a little bit, but you drank as much.
Have you lived well in the past few years?
Have you gone and don't want to come back?
You didn't change anything.
You're just fatter than before!
We seem to be no different from before.
Only life becomes different!
Don't drink beer anymore! It's not good for you!
Yes! I'm at Thach's house!
I won't let him recognize me!
Focus on finding another helper, sis!
I've already decided!
There is sadness and joy
but no hope!
I got it! See you tonight!
You drank it and then spewed it for what?
If you have discomfort, just spew it all.
Who are you?
You are the house owner, huh?
Let me bring you home!
Do you know where my house is that take me home?
It's okay as long as you don't sleep on the street.
Don't care wherever I go!
I won't go with you!
Why do you keep being stubborn?
Don't mind whatever I do!
You talk too much!
Do you want me to use violence?
Your leg is dislocated, right?
What are you doing?
Why do you always bother me?
Because you are so stubborn.
Why should I follow what you said?
If you did what I said,
we wouldn't have lost 6 years.
You have got the wrong person!
I see you are bothering me.
Don't touch me anymore!